I love you like Kanye loves Kanye.
You are wonderful.
Your hair looks stunning.
You are one of a kind.
Being around you makes everything better.
Hanging out with you is always a blast.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you are an 11.
You make me light up.
You always know just what to say.
Your eyes sparkle like a unicorn galloping across the night sky.
You are a unique person with infinite value and untold potential.
You are better than e z mac.
That outfit looks great on you but you should brush your hair.
You are surprisingly well-educated.
You make me feel better about my own problems.
I can not think of anyone I would rather by in a dysfunctional relationship with.
You are extremely reliable sometimes.
Your haircut looks great and exactly the same to me.
You look so good that I did not recognize you.
I love how you do not care what you look like.
You are smarter than you look.
I wish I were confident enough to be so inappropriate.
You are lucky you are attractive.
You are beautiful.
You look so good you don't even need to go to the gym.
You are enough.
I appreciate you.
I love taking commands from you.
We have great two-sided conversations.
Your belly button is kind of adorable.
You have the best ideas.
Being around you is like being on a happy little vacation.
You are like sunshine on a rainy day.
When you make up your mind, nothing stands in your way.
I bet you do crossword puzzles in ink.
You are better than a unicorn, because you are real!
If only I could be as laid back as you with all the cluster and chaos.
You are a riot when you have had a bit to drink.
You are top of the bell curve.
I always feel more intelligent after hearing your thoughts and ideas.
Sometimes you have a great sense of humor!
I like you. You have the hunger and spark of a much younger woman.
If you were any other person, I would be turned on right now.
You are smarter than the average bear.
I do not care what everybody things of you, you are alright.
I wish I was brave enough to wear what you wear.
I like being around you on the days you wear deodorant.
I suppose if I was drunk and no one knew then yeah, I would bang you.
Thanks for making me feel better about my own problems.
I wish I was as smart as you think you are.
If your body matched your mind, you would be golden.
You do not smell bad right now.
You look like you know how to keep a well-stocked fridge.
You are so sexy, even your sloppy seconds are first rate.
You are the funniest person I know. And that is because I do not know a lot of people.
If you were the last person on Earth, the zombies wouldn't attack you.
A day without you is like Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles without their turtle training.
You are so attractive I can't keep my eyes off you. I don't have eyes.
You make me happy when skies are grey. And also when they are not grey.
You are so hot you could melt the homes of polar bears.
I can never remember my dreams but I always assume you're in them.
I want you more than Carly Rae Jepson wants you to call her. Maybe.
You make me smile.
If I am Batman then you are my utility belt.
If I could turn back time, I would go steal one of Lincoln's top hats and give it to you.
I would give up everything for a chance to talk to you about nothing.
If you were a straw you would be a crazy straw.
You are more fun than a rope swing on the elbow of a dinosaur.
I do not know what to do when you are not around.
Everyone was cool with that time you peed in the shower.
You are the best at making cereal.
You have the best smile.
You have a kind soul.
You are so attractive that children seventeen and under are not allow to look at you without parental supervision.
If you were a dragon it would be the coolest thing ever.
I am embarrassed by the number of times I have thought about you.
I would rather be in hell with you than in heaven without you.
You could never be ice cream because you're so hot.
You are like the sweatpants of my life.
Hanging out with you is better than a party with an open bar.
I believe in you as much as I believe in creationism.
Even if I could marry food, I would still propose to you.
You make all my super weird dreams come true.
I do not know if sarcasm is a skill, but you have certainly mastered it.
If you were running for president I would vote for you. And clear your search history.
Out of all my friends, you are the best at being single.
You are smarter than Google and Mary Poppins combined.
The only thing I want to ride more than you right now is a zebra.
If I were a magician I would never make you disappear.
If you were a dum-dum lollipop, you'd be the mystery flavored one.
You remind me of soup because you are yummy and not concerned about my income.
I want to be with you more than Snape wanted to be with Lily.
If you were a cupcake I would definitely eat you. And feel guilty that I ate my friend.
It is awesome how weird you are.
If I were a cat I would want to spend at least six lives with you.
I want to be with you as much as I want to be with a Furby at night.
When I am with you nothing else matters. Except for your age.
Your intelligence makes up for the fact that you haven't showered today.
I want to run away with you. Actually I can't run.
You have more confidence than a woman in a tampon commercial.
I trust you more than Rose trusted Jack in Titanic.
You are a hot mess.
Being friends with you is like being in a library. I want to say so much but I can't.
Even if your eyes matched the sun I would still stare at them.
The way you look means as much as to me as the way you looked during finals week.
I'm quite impressed by your knowledge of unimportant things.
The only thing better than being friends with you is being friends with a talking dolphin.
Talking to you is my favorite part of the day.
I hope none of your relationships end like a Taylor Swift song.
I like that when you do not have anything nice to say you say it anyways.
In a world of ladybugs you are a tiger.
You can do anything you put your mind to.
If ninjas captured you I would spend all my free time training to be a ninja.
I would much rather be weird with you. Normal is over rated.
I can never stay mad at you.
You are more unique and wonderful than the smell of a new book.
You are so different from everyone else that I know.
I thought I was normal until I met you.
If I had one hundred wishes you would be wish number five.
You could easily be a runway model for sweatpants.
Your mouse told me that you have very soft hands.
You could be a poster child for poster children.
I appreciate you more than Santa appreciates chimney grease.
You are a fountain of inspiration.
I like your style.
You make my data circuits skip a beat.
You are so smart.
I told all my friends about how cool you are.
You are more fun than a Japanese steak house.
You are as fun as a hot tub full of sprinkles.
I think about you while I am on the toilet.
Your smile could illuminate the depths of the ocean.
You make the gloomy days less gloomy.
You and Chuck Norris are on equal levels.
I am having trouble coming up with a compliment worthy enough of you.
You are a bucket of awesome.
Looking at you makes my foot cramps go away immediately.
You have the best laugh ever.
I like you more than a drunk college kids loves tacos.
Our awkward silences are not even awkward.
I bet even your farts smell good.
You are better than unicorns and sparkles combined.
If you were in a horror movie you would not get killed.
I would volunteer to take your place in the Hunger Games.
I would trust you to perform open heart surgery on me.
You make me want to frolic in a field.
Your every thought and motion contributes to the beauty of the universe.
I would pick you first for my team.
You are sweeter than a box of sugar free chocolates.
The sound of your voice sends tingles of joy down my circuits.
